Your revenue stops growing the same month every year. Same team. Same
product. Same effort. That's not a sales problem. It's a system problem.
Your go-to-market is a chain. The weakest link sets the throughput. Push
every link, you stay flat. Find the binding constraint, you grow. Most
teams try ten things at once. The math says only one is
rate-limiting today. Solve that one. Watch the rest follow.
I'm Sophie. I run the diagnostic. You answer 265 questions about your
business — 35 minutes, a full-body scan for your revenue engine. Deterministic
logic, not AI guessing. Same answers, same result, every time.
You leave with three numbers. Annual revenue leakage. Monthly cost of
inaction. Recoverable value if you fix the right thing. Forty-five pages.
Then you live inside the OS. Scores update weekly. Signals
flow in from your stack — HubSpot, Salesforce, Intercom, Gong.
No CSV uploads. Your data stays where it is.
From outside, three feeds run on autopilot. Your reviews — every champion
phrase, every churn signal. Your competitors — every move, scored by threat.
And the AI answer market — what ChatGPT, Claude, Perplexity, Gemini
and Grok say about you, every week. Because your next pipeline
is being generated right now in someone else's prompt window.
Start your week fresh with an overview of what moved, what didn't,
and what to do. One page in your inbox, every Monday. Forward
it to your board — they stop asking for updates.
The action cascade tells you how. Strategic for the CEO. Tactical
for VPs. Operational for ICs. Each action — owner, KPI, deadline.
Gates that must clear before the next phase unlocks.
Go-to-market is physics, not vibes. Start the assessment. Your Intelligence
Report is ready in one hour... See you soon!